1. **Describe your specific career aspirations and your reason for pursuing a postgraduate qualification.**
 (in 500 words)
So, I  describe myself as very empathetic, attention oriented and progressive thinker. I am bibek poudel from Gulmi district, musikot municipality. I started my schooling a government school where I failed the class nursery and I wasn't very good at focusing on study or grabbing the basic alphabets,then my parents moved me to the private boarding school where I improvised my study, I don't say I  was a topper but I was competitive, I used to think even though they get the better marks overall, I need to get better marks at at least in the subject I was more interested in, it was always me vs me. I studied at boarding school till grade 6, and then I moved to government school where I intially failed the grade nursery (sisu) and completed class 7 and 8 both time topping the school (grade 5-10 were counted not from nursery), maybe it was less competitive but it was hard for me as well, studying all 7 subjects in nepali  (devanagari) while only one english subject was taught, and the students were more as well in a same classroom. It was something very different experience I suppose. Internet and technology weren't entered into my life till then as well. Then me with my family, my mother, father and sister moved to butwal for better opportunities for my father who returned from abroad about 3 years ago. I always thought and believe its always you vs you, how well you didd, but no I don't try to quantify or understand everything with logic, I was like that for period of time but I am more social now. After grade 8 when we moved to butwal I joined shanti namuna secondary school, learnt bycycle and started going to school with a bycycle as the school bus was reserved for the student upto grade 6. It was very new environment, new and very hot weather, more peoples, sound and horns, I wasn't feeling very well or comfortable at all but again there a guiding voice inside me, I knew i have to think about myself first without any effort then only I can think about my family so that made me adapting to that new place I made friends, I went to play cricket, football, kabaddi, volleyball in that hot weather burning all of our skin, now that's true terian. So, my father was back to Nepal, we started farming after we came to butwal, it was huge plain lands and cows and buffalo, new way of farming. I learnt along with my parents, I helped them everywhere I can, khet khanne, vaisi dune, gobar falne, ghas katne, dhan katne, uthaune, bokne, rati rati kulo ko pani leuna jane jungle jungle, garey garna chai maile garna sakne jati, butwal naaudai pani maile garthey kaam chai tarw esto dherai chai gareko thena aba butwal aayesi khet thulo, dherai vo ani feri gai vaisi ni dherai vaye so ali dherai chai thiyo kaam ani  garmi le chai sarai  dukha dine.  Ani yesari nai maile grade 9-12 class padhey, mero padhai bigreko chai thiyena eta butwal aayeni, obviously competitive chai thiyo ekdam haina tarw I was competitive as well so i adapted again, same mentality if you can't be good at everything fine, find something where your slightest interest lie, work on it and the interest will further intensify. It was my young mind that got some good lessons and principles to live the life, such hardships brings a peace to a person I guess or maybe I am being too poetic sorry for that. 

 Actually I aspired to be a doctor one day studying for entrance, cracking the entrance CEE exam was all I was about but that changed later on. I feel like I got  little selfish making that decision without considering how the process would look like and what situation I am currently. I forgot where I came from maybe so yeah it was 6 years of studies and hardship, parents didn't allowed it how could they, that was too unrealistic, they wanted me to go abroad australia, canada. Instead during I get access to the internet for the first time in my life.  I used to just watch youtube, know a little bit about facebook and that's all I  know then I need to attent the online classes, so needed a laptop as the only mobile phone we have had to be used by either me or my sister, intead of mobile phone I decided to go for a laptop, but I actully didn't bought rather a neighbor dd provided me the laptop for my online classes, during that time i get to know about ING skill academy, became the ambassador, i was in second batch I guess get to know people from ING, nikhil raj shrestha, bhushan dai, mrisha dd (back then), pawan dai, rewanta adhikari and knew the landscape of Information technology at that time. Thanks to those webinars and zoom, meet sessions from the ING skill academy I get to know about the programming, computers, internet which for me was very new and was only read about them in computer books, used computer in computer labs of the school. So, during those online classes, I used to instead learn Python programming, keeping the online classes going on in the  another tab. I learnt the basics and  didn't dwell around in those basics and instead wanted to build something, web development, apps development, ethical hacking, game development, graphics designing, artificial intelligence were some of the fields I get to know about and I was interest in machin learning specially, It wasn't because I want to know how the machines learn but instead I was very fascinated by the thing that how the machine can be taught that's I feel different then machine learning. So after 11th I started learning machine learning, mathematics from a hindi youtube channel. I knew how the machines are taught for sure but had very hard time finding the actual implementation of those learnt things in real world scenarios, so hands-on was lacking obviously. I remember, when I was using that laptop sometime it suddenly turns off or freezes as I was opening a youtube in a browswer and vs code running python code so the device couldn't hold that for long, I remember me searching for the lightweight code editors, and browsers in order to learn and run the code at same time. Such moments taught me how you need to gett through the constraints, you need to find the way, its not like always you will have enough resources in order to do the thing you are wishing for, you need to find the ways to first excel in that situation which will leads to the better situation. 

Yeah I know everyone got their own story, and I got mine too but  actually i might doesn't matter as well, yes of course the person I am today, the human I have that's evolved with the story I got, i got more hardworking, discipline, more deep thinker I guess. I got good results in my SEE and SLC. Then yes, I wasn't sure I am going to study at islington, I was searching for AI related course and at that time, islington college didn't have that course, one day while browsing their website i saw that course name and asked about it to the bhusan dai I guess, he told me the infrastructure for the course is being built and you can get your admission at that course and you will be the first batch. Later I got admitted, Islington ma chappal lagauna hudena vanne kura thahapako thiye admission garna aauda first time chai. of course the fee was high for a student like me and the family I am coming from, I thanks my parents for what they have done for me again, and no I am not exaggerating little bit at all. Back in my 2nd year, it was very bad, very hard time for me, never been in the situation like that. I feel it today, how I lost some of my hope and there at that time. I wasn't even sure that whether I will be able to complete my final year due to the sudden financial hurdle came into my family. So, yes second year was pretty bad I guess. But again the adaptation and thriving, those traits are inside me I mostly found them inside me so yes they are in me, and I did my third year, final year project very good. Good result as well. My final year project was about how the AI can see and reason on what they see from the real world, vision language models, and the project's name was contextual object detection. 

My work experience started from ING skill academy, thanks to nikhil raj shrestha that he trusted me and my energy I was bringing. I worked in call center for 2 months, 1 months in ICK RnD for 1 month as frontend developer and then from that time to now around 30 months at Skill Musuem and Research Center as AI intern. SMaRC ma gareko kaam haru chai ani contributions haru chai hajur le jo milaidinus hai, hajur lai thahaxa malai vanda yo tw. 

So, aba etro dukha dekherw aaiyo teini har khaiyena, khana pani vayena, afuma proud chai garna eso garey vandai ma tarw pani yes this is a compelling story I guess. aba testo thauma hurkeko, padheko haina ahile eha aayerw kaam gariraxu, contribute garirako xuh, ani afno field ma pani agadi badhdai xuh, ajhai sapana haru ni dekheko xuh maile haina. Maile tannai exposure paye kaam gare, experience pani paye tarw grow huna ko lagi feri arko challenge the chaiyo nai, ani kura aayo feri tei adaptation and thriving ko. So yo desh le malai dherai thok deko xah so yesko lagi kei nagari tw ma mardina, tarw honestly vanxu, mero lagi chai janma dine agadi aauxa ani ballla janmabhumi aauxa ahile chai. malai yei maile research garirako sector, AI lai different types of data diyerw, jasari manxe le sunxa, touch garxa, herxa, sochxa tesari nai AI lai pani tyo sab garna sakne kasari banauna sakinxa jasle garda aba AI chai majjale humans sanga interact garerw manxe ko kaam easy garne dekhi lerw kunai kaam chai completely automate hanne samma huna sakxa. Yo field ma research garnu xah malai, ani jasari manxe le sunerw, hererw, move vayerw, socherw daily life ma survive garxa tesari nai yeuta robot lai pani yestai AI mind dina sake k hunxa rw tyo AI mind kasari banaune vanne barema ma chai mero research ho, yo field ma malai ajhai depth ma janu xah  jun platform maile mero postgraduate course ko exposure ko through pauna sakxu ani yo space ma chai thulo contribution garnu ko sathai, Nepal ma robotics ko matrai navayerw AI ko pani hub banauna ko lagi ma kaam garne bacha rakhxu. 

2. **Describe a situation in which you led a team. What challenges did you face, and how did you overcome them?**
So, when I was working in a project named Self Driving Car at SMaRC. And me and my team were needed to develop a robust algorithm that allow a medium-size car to autonomous navigate in its track which resonates to real world road  with black concrete and white lines. Initially we developed a prototype in a remote controlled car using Raspberry Pi, and we first tested the same approach used in that prototype, replacing raspberry pi 4 with nvidia jetson nano with 4gb ram. The approach used for the RC card didn't worked well in that medium size car with the actual cruise and 2 wheel drive. Then one my colleague proposed approach to use image classification for allowing  the car to control its cruise based on the image and position in the track the web camera infront was capturing. This approach worked upto some extent with alot of stuttering in the navigation and the car stopped working when its was direct sunlight falls into the its track or if any shades falls into the track as well. This created a huge problem for us. Additionally, the 4gb ram wasn't enough as well from the jetson nano for running more advance models like that. It was a time before the Futuruma (a tech-fest) organized by ING skill academy in different cities of Nepal and ING colleges. And we were required to complete that project solving the problem of navigation and adding the feature of stop sign detection and obstacle detection for the car. I previously worked with the YOLO models for image classification and detection. YOLO models were very accurate, high speed and ran with minimal hardware as well. Then I decided to use this prior knowledge of mine regarding these sets of model and the resources constraints I need to take care of which I have obviously learnt from my childhood. So, I proposed a new solution to the problem, we collected many different samples of images from the track at which the car needs to move, then used special and unique type of augmentation technique which allowed us to get a better dataset with good variety and diversity which were most important factors for a good dataset and good model to be trained. Me and my team just working  in that car for past 5-6 days in the parking lot of kumari hall, testing different solutions, with self learning, self finding. Then two days before the futuruma was to begin, me and my team rigorously tested the  Yolo segmentation and detection model in a different computation resources conditions, We annotated around 2000 images of that track manually in a team. Segmentation dataset was very hard to annotate manually which we semi-automated by training the model while annotating  in the same time, clever and small technique that helped a lot with annotation. Then I trained the yolo v11 segmenation model in that dataset, the evaluation results of the model was amazing and shown promising detection in difficult edge cases. Then we converted that model into the format which is suitable for the development board like Jetson orin nano and deployed the model in  that self driving car. So the  detection part was done. Later the we also worked in a topic related to data collection which was actually emerged from self-driving car data collection and development process. The track segmenting part was done but the cruise control was still not working properly, even though the road was recognized correctly the steering was stuttering and not controlling smoothly by the algorithm. Then again, me and my team call for a quick meeting, went for a small self-research and then came out with the idea of using same type of algorithm that is used by the cars like Tesla in order to detects the actual road and controlling the steering. We took reference from the previous work in such algorithm and then merge it with some tweaks into our car. Then the car ran very smoothly. Over 20 days of event the self-driving car, the model we trained, the algorithm we developed went out of track or didn't detected the obstacle for about only 2-3% time. And we even tested that car by putting a 4 year kid in that car which have correctly followed the path, navigated and stopped correctly when the person came infront suddenly infront of it. 
